Dragon Temple to
Ouch, look at it
Am I right?
Is it really the god of war?
You are amazing
This aura, this power
If I don't attend this party
I'm afraid I'll never see it in my life
The true face of the god of war
See Temple of Dragons
Xuance God of War
Brother, why are you here?
I heard someone was bullying my sister.
I came to see who was so bold
That's him!
He relied on his senior brothers to be the crown prince and General Qi
And Lin Condor
Just bully me three
Stay safe
You are all the mainstay of my Great Xia Kingdom
Why bother for a so-called junior sister?
Against me openly? What about the Dragon Temple?
Xuance God of War
Talk but be fair
It was your sister who bullied my sister first
The Temple of Justice is Justice
There is only one end for those who dare to touch my Dragon Temple
That is death
I thought everyone was talking about
The black god of war praised by thousands of people
Who is he?
It's the same as your sister
He was a bully.
Huo Die all the way for Hu Zuochang
Failure Dragon Temple De Failure
It has been uploaded to the honor of the Imperial Army and the Jianghu forces
No one can defeat the four gods of war
I just can't stand that Sonning
You have to take it out for me
Don't worry.
I can ignore it.
You disrespected the Dragon Temple earlier
But only if
You have to hand over that woman
Let my sister dream at her disposal
Murong Xuance moved my junior sister
Is to be the enemy of my Tianyi Pavilion
Your Highness will never allow anyone to bully my junior sister
I am the first general under the Dragon Lady
Now the dragon girl has not returned
I mean the temple of Rong Shrine
And you're digging your own grave.